c:\users\geoffrey.kuhn\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\WpfApplication2.exe.config
c:\users\geoffrey.kuhn\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\WpfApplication2.exe
c:\users\geoffrey.kuhn\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\WpfApplication2.pdb
c:\users\geoffrey.kuhn\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\LinqToTwitter.AspNet.dll
c:\users\geoffrey.kuhn\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\LinqToTwitter.net.dll
c:\users\geoffrey.kuhn\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Core.dll
c:\users\geoffrey.kuhn\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Interfaces.dll
c:\users\geoffrey.kuhn\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Linq.dll
c:\users\geoffrey.kuhn\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.PlatformServices.dll
c:\users\geoffrey.kuhn\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Core.xml
c:\users\geoffrey.kuhn\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Interfaces.xml
c:\users\geoffrey.kuhn\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Linq.xml
c:\users\geoffrey.kuhn\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.PlatformServices.xml
c:\users\geoffrey.kuhn\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\WpfApplication2.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\geoffrey.kuhn\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\geoffrey.kuhn\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\geoffrey.kuhn\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\geoffrey.kuhn\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\WpfApplication2_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\geoffrey.kuhn\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\WpfApplication2.g.resources
c:\users\geoffrey.kuhn\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\WpfApplication2.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\geoffrey.kuhn\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\WpfApplication2.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\geoffrey.kuhn\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\WpfApplication2.exe
c:\users\geoffrey.kuhn\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\WpfApplication2.pdb
C:\Users\geoffrey.kuhn\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\DetailsWindow.baml
C:\Users\geoffrey.kuhn\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\DetailsWindow.g.cs
